---------
   Q's
---------
1. What is the purpose of the "Hello, World!" program?

2. Name the four parts of a function.

3. Name a function that must appear in every C++ program.

4. In the "Hello, World!" program, what is the purpose of the line return 0;?

5. What is the purpose of the compiler?

6. What is the purpose of the #include directive?

7. What does a .h suffix at the end of a file name signify in C++?

8. What does the linker do for your program?

9. What is the difference between a source file and an object file?

10. What is an IDE and what does it do for you?

11. If you understand everything in the textbook, why is it necessary to practice?

-------
  A's
-------
1. To test your use of your edit-compile-link-execute tool chain.

2. return type, name, parameter list, function body

3. int main { return 0; } The computer looks for main and executes the instructions it finds there.

4. return 0 sigifies that the program terminated successfully.

5. C++ is a compiled language. Which means that in order to get your program to run, your source code must first be translated 
   into something a machine can understand. The compiler is a program that checks syntax and translates source code into machine code/object code.

6. The #include directive tells the computer to make available the contents of a library or header file.

7. A file with a .h suffix signifies a header file. Header files contain definitions of terms that are used in a program.

8. A program consists of several separate parts and these parts are called translation units. The translation units must be compiled which results
   in object code.  The linker is a program that links the translation units together. In other words, it pieces your program together so it can run.
   It mainly includes object code from source code and object code from directives.
   source code -> compiler -> object code -> linker <- object code from directives -> exectuable

9. A source file is a .cpp file that you write your code in and an object file is a .obj file that contains the translated code as machine code.
   Object code is not portable.

10. An IDE is an Integrated Development Environment that provides the tools to edit, debug, compile, and run your program.

11. It is important to practice to develop your inventiveness and style.
